{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Create:\
\
Participants will be able to make and share their own art and creations. We don\'92t want to try to replace Sketchup or Photoshop so our tools will obviously need to be more specialized and fit into a few different categories.\
\
Drawing tools will allow users with tracked controllers to draw in 3D space. This is the easiest thing for us to implement, but will also be limited to users with advanced VR rigs.\
\
A click and drag interface will allow users to customize their avatars. We\'92ll provide a library of shapes and images which users can drop in and modify. This tool will be more collage based and easy to use for people with simpler controls.\
\
We will build a simple, 3D sequencer which users can modify to create their own music and visual artifacts. These sequencers may be attached to moving vehicles or stationary sculptures.\
\
We\'92ll also create simpler and higher level controls for people to mix and match elements that we\'92ll build as well as share their own photos and music from outside the app.\
\
Stages:\
\
Our ultimate goal is a large scale, massively multiplayer, persistent world. To get there we\'92ll begin small and specific and begin adding elements in cooperation with artists and users.\
\
1. We\'92ll begin by releasing VR music videos for musicians and set them in our world.\
\
2. We\'92ll combine these artist\'92s works together and allow users to explore a larger space.\
\
3. A server will be created, allowing multiple users to share the space at the same time. Users will be able to take snapshots in the space and share them, and invite their friends.\
\
4. Simple tools will be built to allow users to customize their own avatars.\
\
5. These tools will be expanded to allow users to customize their own vehicles.\
\
6. We\'92ll create tools that will allow users to draw and build in space and even create their own musical sculptures.\
\
7. Machine learning will be employed to help us build spaces parametrically, allowing us to vastly expand the world with less need for artists to individually customize spaces. \
\
8. The end goal will be a constantly changing, open world where users can come together to share music, dance and art.}